[ADD] fieldservice_agreement_helpdesk (#98)
ursais/osi-addons: fieldservice_agreement_helpdesk/README.rst

.. image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/licence-LGPL--3-blue.svg
   :target: http://www.gnu.org/licenses/lgpl-3.0-standalone.html
   :alt: License: LGPL-3

====================================
Field Service - Agreement - Helpdesk
====================================

> This module links Field Service, Agreements, and Helpdesk together.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This module links Field Service, Agreements and Help Desk together by:

* setting the agreement fields when creating Field Service orders from a ticket.
```
